You're awake
You are Lu Zhaoyue
Is the president of your Blue Silver Group
Exactly.
Me.
I saw you pass out in the underground garage
Let Meng Hai bring you back
You are
Slept for a day and a night
If you don't wake up
I'll have someone take you to the hospital
Thank you Mr. Lu, no need
What are you looking at?
Mr. Lu, I didn't mean to
I just didn't mean it, it was intentional.
I kindly saved you back
I didn't expect you to be such a person
Wang Hai didn't throw him out, I did
Mr. Lu, I didn't mean it or not
The reason why I look at you
Is because
I see that you are sick
You can cure
It's just seasonal bronchitis
Cough with phlegm and other symptoms
It's easy to get treatment
only
But what?
I need to use my hands
What's on your chest?